An analgesic is commonly known as pain killers.
A tetrapod is an animal with 4 limbs.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan.
In geometry all regular polygons have equal sides.
The medical term bariatric refers to obesity.
Anthropomorphism refers to giving or attributing human capabilities to inanimate objects.
A 'wherry' is a boat.
The metric prefix nano means 10 to the power of -9.
Mydriasis is the widening of the pupil.
in sports, a pugilist is a boxer.
The Periodic Table is a system for chemical elements.
a killdeer is a bird.
Kinesics is more commonly known as body language.
Nollywood refers informally to the huge cinema industry of Nigeria.
Mintonette was the original name of Volleyball.
A cicatrix on the skin is more commonly called a scar.
In India a kirana is a shop.
Great Britain is Europe's largest island.
A sophomore is typically a student in the final year of university.
Erstwhile means former.
A Dugite is a type of Snake.
A Dugite is a type of Snake.
In the human body, the Hallux is the big toe.
A Fathom is equal to 6 Feet.
Henry VIII became King of England in the year 1509.
An Octopus has 3 hearts.
A Phlebotomist extracts blood from the human body.
Lake Eyre is the largest lake in Australia.
In Roman Mythology, Mercury was the messenger of the Gods.
The stars you see when you rub your eyes are called Phosphenes.
Barack Obama was the 44th president of the United States.
in Scrabble, the letter W scores 4 points.
Peanut is included in the ingredients of dynamite.
Auckland is the largest city in New Zealand.
A Squid has 10 limbs.
There are 4 quarts in a gallon.
The Canary Islands belong to Spain.
Mars is the 4th Planet from the Sun.
The city Istanbul lies over 2 continents.
The Patella Bone is better known as the Knee cap.
Tehran is the capital city of Iran.
Rabat is the capital city of Morocco.
K is the chemical symbol for Potassium.
Nitrogen is the most abundant gas in air.
Tomato is also known as the 'Love Apple'.
There are 5 rings on the olympic flag.
Vermilion is a shade of red.
Cu is the chemical symbol for Copper.
calling birds were given on the 4th day of christmas.
The sea of tranquility can be found on the moon.
CO is the chemical formula for carbon monoxide.
In slang, a monkey is £500.
A Samoyed is a type of dog.
La Giaconda is another name for the famous Mona Lisa.
In the human body, the occiput is in the head.
According to the saying, all roads lead to Rome.
Thomas Edison averaged one patent for every 3 weeks of his life.
Gold is heavier than Silver.
Nelson Mandela was from South Africa.
Dictionary is another word for Lexicon.
Dog days are days that are very hot.
Genuphobia is the fear of knees.
To indicate the shortest distance between two places you say 'as the crow flies'.
In criminal slang, a 'Peterman' specialises in safe-breaking.
Snowman's nose is usually made from a Carrot.
A female blackbird is brown in color.
"A Brief History of Time" was written by Stephen Hawking.
Geppetto was the name of Pinnochio's father.
A Barometer is used to measure atmospheric pressure.
the Irish Bodhran is a local drum.
A young horse is called a foal (under a year of age).
Bombay Duck is a fish.
According to the proverb, 'fortune' favours the bold.
Bras is French for arm.
Hombro is Spanish for shoulder.
The Los Angeles Lakers are an American basketball team.
an archipelago is a cluster of Islands.
Peseta was once a Spanish currency.
Labologists collect beer bottle labels.
Maramba wine is made from bananas.
Ferragamo is a name associated with very expensive women's shoes.
The canary islands are in the atlantic ocean.
Ambush is a collective noun for tigers.
A gamp is also known as an Umbrella.
Trixy is short for Beatrice.
John Adams was the 2nd president of the United States.
The Human Brain is 75% water.
French horns originate from Germany.
The black box on an airplane is orange in color.
White grapes are green in color.
Moses parted the red sea in the old testament.
Hypermetropic people are long sighted.
Phobophobia is the fear of fear.
The circle on the Japanese flag is red.
An insect has 6 legs.
Someone who has diplopia has double vision.
in the USA, the marine one is the presidents helicopter.
Fleas are responsible for transmitting the bubonic plague.
Garcia is the most common spanish surname.
Varicella is also known as Chicken pox.
Uganda is known as the pearl of Africa.
an Ichthyologist studies fishes.
Apiphobia is the fear of Bees.
an arboreal creature lives in trees.
Nepals national flag is not a rectangle.
Women have two X chromosomes.
there are 10 hurdles in a 400 metres hurdles race.
A Kolinsky is a weasel.
The Canary islands were named after dogs.
The forbidden fruit in the Bible was never identified as any particular fruit.
Drinking too much water can lead to death.
Bulls are not enraged by the colour Red. They are actually 'colour blind'.
Bats are not blind, it is just a common misconception.
Pulmonary refers to the lungs in the human body.
Kelvin is a unit of temperature.
There are only 4 words in the English which end in "dous":tremendous, horrendous, hazardous and stupendous.
A jellyfish is 95 percent water.
Blue Whales make the loudest sound of any animal.
The S in Harry S. Truman did not stand for anything.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a 'Friday the 13th'.
Sushi refers to any dish including vinegared rice; raw fish is a common inclusion, but not a necessary one.
swallowed chewing gum is not digestible but it goes through the system at roughly the same rate as other food.
"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt".
no man made object is visible from space.
Bass is the lowest male voice.
There are more life forms living on your skin than there are humans on the planet.
There are 32 pieces in a chess game.
'Karaoke' translates into english as 'empty orchestra'.
a picture is said to be worth a thousand words.
The tooth enamel is the hardest part in the human body.
Bill gates owns Microsoft.
The Sahara Desert is the largest in the world.
the small indentations on a golf ball are called dimples.
Alpha Centauri and Sirius are stars.
South Africa is bordered by both the Atlantic and Indian Oceans.
the 'e' in 'e-mail' stands for electronic.
Jupiter is the largest planet in the solar system.
Crickets accurately indicate air temperature.
no word in English rhymes with 'silver'
a megabyte is smaller than a gigabyte.
Triskadekaphobia is the fear of the number 13.
a taxidermist stuffs animals.
The Common ostrich is the largest living bird.
Baghdad is the capital Iraq.
In the fashion world mules are shoes.
Joseph is Michael Jackson's middle name.
there are 15 balls on the pool table at the start of a game.
Green is not a primary color.
"Adam's ale" is another name for water.
The human heart has 4 chambers.
If you had myopia, you would suffer from short sightedness.
If you were born on the 24th of September, you would be a libra.
Manx cats have no tail.
the rattler on a rattle snake is on its tail.
in the Bible, Joseph wore a coat of many colors.
bats are the only mammals that can fly.
France gave the Statue of Liberty to America.
In chess, rook is another name for the castles.
abdication means giving up the right to rule.
'femme fatale' means 'a dangerously attractive woman'.
pogonophobia is the fear of beards.
1 hectare is equal to 10,000 sq. metres.
Chinese is the most widely spoken language in the world.
An email address can not also be a website address.
'WWW' stands for world wide web.
Na is the chemical symbol for Sodium.
Xenophobia is the fear of strangers.
The highest number in a sudoku puzzle is 9.
Mercury is the closest planet to the sun.
the airline Lufthansa is based in Germany.
there are 7 sides on a heptagon.
the Pacific is the worlds largest ocean.
Madrid is the capital of Spain.
an isosceles triangle has 2 equal sides.
The fastest land animal in the world is the cheetah.
The home of Anne Frank can be found in Amsterdam.
Your ears are important when it comes to staying balanced.
the mixture of the colors red and white gives pink.
the largest living creature on earth is a Blue Whale.
Paleontology is the study of fossils.
There are 7 continents in all.
Canberra is the capital city of Australia.
Hepatitis is a sickness that affects the liver.
a litre of water weighs 1kg.
Monaco is the capital of Monaco.
sand is the main component in glass.
Russia is the largest country by land area.
China is the most populated country.
the Hundred Years War lasted 115 years.
'Caballo' is Spanish for horse.
Saturn lies between Jupiter and Uranus.
Emetophobia is the irrational fear of vomiting.
Hals is German for neck.
A shearwater is a type of bird.
A titi is a type of monkey.
The human heart has 4 chambers.
A Dugite is a type of Snake.
Earth is the only planet in our solar system to have water in 3 states of matter: solid, liquid and gas.
A Spinone is a type of dog.
The small intestine is longer than the large intestine.
An anemometer measures the speed of wind.
There are 86,400 seconds in a day.
a male swan is called a cob.
A zorse is the offspring of a male zebra and a female horse.
The square root of 144 is 12.
Venus is the hottest planet in our solar system.
The moon influences the Earth's tides.
Helium has the chemical symbol He.
The word 'facetious' means inappropriate sarcasm.
There are 14 pounds in 1 stone.
A gecko is a lizard.
Helsinki is the capital of Finland.
Helsinki is the capital of Finland.
Asia is the largest continent in the world.
Venus is the closest planet to Earth.
Approximately one quarter of human bones are in the feet.
Seoul is the capital of South Korea.
A magnet attracts only iron, nickel and cobalt.
Pineapples grow from the ground.
the precious stone 'Sapphire' is dark blue in color.
The capital of Canada is Ottawa.
The tooth enamel is the hardest part in the human body.
Cleopatra was Greek.
The smaller a chili pepper is, the hotter it is.
A cockroach will live for nine days without it's head.
Yuri Gagarin was the first man in space.
If you have caries, you would consult a dentist.
a maris piper can be eaten. it is a potato.
a Lurcher is a dog.
Sinology is the academic study of China.
Consumption was the former name of Tuberculosis.
Someone from Hellas is from Greece.
Palermo is the capital of Sicily.
Zero does not exist in Roman Numerals.
the concentration camp Auschwitz was in Poland.
W is the chemical symbol for tungsten.
the word 'alphabet' is from the greek words alpha and beta.
A Pearmain is a type of apple.
a 'remora' is a type of fish.
75% of all the countries in the world are on the north of the Equator.
an Ichthyologist studies fishes.
UNHCR is the United Nation's High Commission for refugees.
Nigeria's location in Africa is the West coast.
According to the proverb, The pen is mightier than the sword.
According to the proverb, cleanliness is next to godliness.
According to the proverb, necessity is the mother of invention.
According to the proverb, You can't judge a book by its cover.
According to the proverb, An open door may tempt a saint.
According to the proverb, Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
People born on the 1st March have a pisces zodiac sign.
a cichlid is a fish.
Vestiphobia is the irrational fear of clothes.
Rojo is Spanish for red.
Acajou is another name for cashew nuts.
Egypt is known as the gift of the nile.
Hinge, Saddle, Pivot and Gliding are all types of joints in the human body.
In business, CEO stands for chief executive officer.
the fiery liquid that flows from a volcano is known as lava.
According to the proverb, You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink.
According to the proverb, You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs.
According to the proverb, discretion is the greater part of valour.
Insuperable means impossible to overcome.
Mars has 2 moons.
7 is the cube root of 343.
A panopticon is a buiding.
Chihuahua is Mexico's largest state.
Optics is a branch of physics specifically concerning light.
The word callow means immature.
in the human body the glottis is in the throat.
The Italian word pizza originally referred to a Pie.
a philogynist is someone who likes women.
Scoliosis is an ailment that affects the spine.
Apterous means wingless.
in the human body, the glial cells are in the brain.
The word putative means supposed.
The word bide means Stay.
A cittern is a musical instrument.
the German word 'verboten' means forgotten.
the German carmaker's name Volkswagen means peoples car.
Obsidian is a form of rock.
Gustatory perception refers to the human sense of taste.
Russia borders Finland, Kazakhstan, and Mongolia.
Monandry refers to having at any one time only one husband.
Pascal (Pa) is a unit of measurement of pressure.
Peru borders Colombia, Ecuador, Bolivia and Chile.
Didier Drogba is a famous soccer player.
The word 'Aloha', a friendly greeting, is originally from Hawaii.
A polygraph is more popularly called a lie detector.
A pimpernel is a flower.
Brackish refers to water that is salty.
Scientology is a religion.
A clinical lipectomy removes fat from the body.
latte means milk in Italian.
Mexico's most commonly used language is spanish.
Turkey's biggest city is Istanbul.
Traditionally when in colour, the Samsung logo is blue.
A big problem that people avoid discussing is metaphorically called 'The elephant in the room'.
The Ebola disease is named after an African river.
A negotiating offer that is available for discussion is said to be 'on the table'.
PDF, Adobe's universal computer document format, stands for Portable Document Format.
Panama hats originate from Ecuador.
A horned toad is a type of lizard.
An orange blossom is white in color.
Arabic numerals originated from India.
An infant whale is commonly called a Calf.
Piccolo is the smallest musical instrument of the flute family.